now i need to build a option backtester for european options:

You should only do mark-to-market operation; do not assume any strategy like cutting-loss, taking-profit etc., all the strategy is given externally, you ONLY do MARK TO MARKET. nothing more. you just need to do it well.

For now, it is only options (we will only use the data in data/synthetic_options.csv) AND EVERY OPTION IS EUROPEAN OPTION.

Input:
it will be a dataframe with columns [date, option_name, target_units], this is pre-given, and for simplicity, you can assume target_units is the fixed target unit for each trading day, I will not change the target units by any chance once given.

since we will only use the data in data/synthetic_options.csv, there won't be anything beyond that, so you can easily generate the metadata of those options (expiration, strike, call/put etc.)

Logic:
you need to 
a) maintain the portfolio status, like how many cash do we have, initially it can be $10M, and how many units of each option do we have  in our portfolio 
b) mark to market correctly for all the options, when we buy an option, it should be marked at ASK price; when we sell an option, it should be market at BID price; when an option expire, you should calculate the settlement value, here we assume cash settlement for all european options. Since ASK > BID, buy and sell an option should occur transaction cost. transaction cost should be booked in the first day of the trade.

c) you should differentiate calls and puts properly, as they have different treatment when expire.
d) units can be float numbers, no need to force integer units, can be something like 3.14 or 1.5 etc. units can be negative.

e)you need to check if total portfolio value goes below 0, default config is allowed, but i should be able to turn off it later.

f) you need to check if there is sufficient money to do the next day's trade, make it configurable, now for simplicity, default behavior is to assume we can borrow at 0 interest rate, so insufficient fund wont stop backtest

g) cash is sitting on 0 interest rate, no need to model interests.

Output:
you should have comprehensive output and simple output.

Simple output: time series of portfolio value everyday

Comprehensive output: detailed dataframe of each day's position, include for given date, what are the holdings, what are their bid/ask and current market value (assume we can liquidate right now, for long position we sell them, so mark at bid; for short position we buy back all, so mark at ask), and the aggregated transaction cost at each option level as well as portfolio level;
capital weights of each position at portfolio etc., you can add reasonable metrics to the output.

Others:
You should use the sample data to generate trading orders and then backtest it.

